in today's video we will be going
through 2011's horror thriller film
you're next spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up comment on what your favorite
part was and subscribe to our channel
for more
this movie is a slasher film a subgenre
of horror involving a killer murdering a
group of people usually using bladed
tools so brace yourselves the film opens
with a couple talia and eric having
intercourse afterward talia plays a
music cd and walks around the house not
noticing that the motion sensor light
outside had turned on while eric takes a
shower after the shower eric finds your
necks written on the window in talia's
blood whose body is lying on the ground
eric freaks out and starts walking back
when an attacker wearing a lamb mask
attacks eric and kills him with the
machete the movie then cuts to a man
named paul and his wife aubry driving to
their vacation home in rural missouri
for a family reunion the primary filming
location was an antique home that had
been empty for 12 years their home is
next to eric's home in the secluded
countryside of course vacationing in a
house in an aloof village is a good idea
as they settle down in their home they
are joined by their sons crispian and
drake and their girlfriend aaron and
wife kelly respectively crispian is a
young broke college professor while erin
is his former student crispian has a
british accent the next day erin offers
to help aubry around the house and aubry
sends her to their neighbor eric's home
to get some milk aaron rings eric's
doorbell but doesn't get any response
inside eric is seen sitting on his sofa
motionless on his couch as loud music
plays in the evening paul's younger
children felix and amy and their
partners z and tarik respectively arrive
for the reunion the family sits for
dinner but soon things begin to heat up
after drake makes some shady comments
about tarik who is an indie director and
crispian for dating his former student
quick film trivia the dinner
conversations in the movie were
improvised and based on real life
experiences the filmmakers had with
family members as the brothers argue
intrigued by something tarrick goes over
to the window in the room suddenly a
crossbow bolts through the window and
hits tarik in the head instantly killing
him as he collapses on the ground the
family preoccupied with their argument
finally takes notice and freaks out
arrows kept being shot through the
window one of which severely wounds
drake the family terrorized proceeds to
call 9-1-1 but only to realize that all
their cell phone reception has been
jammed at once amy decides to run
outside to look for help erin warns her
against it but she insists on going out
felix and paul open the door and amy
runs outside at full speed but just as
she steps out the door she runs into a
garage wire which slices her throat open
and kills her the family watches in
horror aaron swiftly runs upstairs and
locks every window door and sends an
emergency text to 9-1-1 hoping it would
get through when her mobile gets a
signal bar crispian is astonished to see
her so proactive fyi americans in
distress can text 911 in case of
emergency but only in select locations
throughout the u.s paul carries a
frantically crying aubry upstairs to her
room and returns downstairs to block all
entrances yeah paul leave your wife
alone upstairs in a house seemingly full
of assassins a bereaved aubrey continues
to weep on her bed when an intruder
wearing a fox mask appears from under
her bed the masked individual stabs
aubrey in the head with the machete
hearing aubrey's screams paul and others
quickly run upstairs to find aubrey dead
and you're next written with blood on
the wall meanwhile aaron is attacked by
someone wearing a lamp mask while
securing the kitchen window however
aaron stabs the attacker's hand and
fence him off kelly covers aubry's body
and proceeds to leave when she hears the
sound of the floor wood creaking
scared she nervously looks under the bed
to find the fox mask killer she freaks
out and runs downstairs screaming drake
tries to calm her down but she runs out
of the house drake proceeds to follow
her but soon collapses from his crossbow
wound on the porch kelly reaches eric's
house and frantically bangs on his
window pleading with him to let her in
the lamb mask appears from behind and
punches her into eric's house through
the window kelly cross to eric sitting
on the sofa only to realize that he has
already been killed the lamb mask slams
her head on the glass table and then
aims his axe at kelly's head and drives
it into the side of her head after
seeing kelly not return crispian also
decides to leave the house and look for
help meanwhile erin hides a wounded
drake behind the curtains in the living
room she then gathers knives from the
kitchen and proceeds to distribute the
knives to everyone for self-defense when
suddenly the tiger mask storms into the
room through the window did you know
simon barrett the tiger mask killer is
also the movie's screenwriter the killer
startles aaron and she falls to the
ground dropping all the knives on the
floor the killer slowly walks towards
her with an axe as she watches in horror
he attempts to strike her with the axe
but she swiftly rolls away and kicks him
in the crotch ouch she then quickly
picks up the meat tenderizer from the
ground and starts beating him with it
aaron angrily crushes the mass killer's
skull by repeatedly striking him with
the kitchen tool as felix and z watch in
simultaneous horror and astonishment
meanwhile paul inspects the house
upstairs with a knife he soon finds
sleeping bags and food wrappers in a
room indicating that the killers have
been staying in the house for some time
felix and z go upstairs to paul while
aaron inspects the basement paul begins
to explain to felix and zee that their
family is being targeted when suddenly
fox mask appears from behind and slits
paul's throat with the machete paul
stunned attempts to grab his son for
support but felix scoffs in disgust and
watches his father collapse and bleed to
death it turns out that felix had hired
the assassins to murder his family
downstairs the landmass killer carefully
enters the living room only to find
tiger masks corpse stunned by his death
landmass cries and flips the dinner
table over in rage aaron listens to the
killer's movements closely from the
basement drake gains consciousness and
steps out he runs into the enraged land
mass killer the killer proceeds towards
drake with the axe but aaron storms out
of the basement and stabs the killer
with a screwdriver the killer quickly
gathers himself and runs outside felix
and z run downstairs after hearing the
commotion they lied to aaron about
paul's murder and tell aaron that he is
sleeping upstairs aaron sends felix and
drake into the basement to collect
paul's tools while she and z secure the
entrance talk about letting the fox
guard the hen house aaron sticks nails
on thin wooden planks to be used as a
nail trap by the house's entrances she
reveals that she lived in a survivalist
compound aaron's father was a bit
paranoid and believed that the world
would soon get overpopulated to the
point that it would run out of resources
he taught aaron combat and survival
skills before she moved to the united
states with her mother when she was 15.
she reveals that she hasn't even told
her boyfriend crispian about this aspect
of her life yet in the basement drake
insists on going out to look for kelly
and crispian felix tells him that kelly
is dead and a shock drake breaks down
and starts screaming at felix frustrated
felix wears a glove and stabs drake with
a screwdriver a dying drake looks at his
brother in disbelief
felix then picks other screwdrivers and
stabs him to death aaron soon runs out
of nails for her traps and goes upstairs
to look for more nails after she leaves
z unlocks the main door aaron carefully
walks upstairs with the meat tenderizer
she is stunned to find paul's dead body
as she watches paul's body in
astonishment fox mask appears behind her
he slowly approaches her but aaron
senses his presence she unsuccessfully
throws the meat tenderizer at him and
jumps through the window to escape erin
sustains a leg injury because of the
fall she then hides in the bush when she
notices the bloodstained screwdriver
with which she stabbed the lamb mask
earlier scared she looks around when the
landmass killer shoots a crossbow at her
but she swiftly dodges she then runs
into the home and hides behind the
curtain the lamb mask follows her into
the home he enters the house through the
window and steps on aaron's nail trap
and bellows in pain it was about time he
finally got some taste of his own
medicine hearing the landmass scream
felix z and fox mask rush downstairs
tensions rise between them as the
landmass killer is agitated because
aaron killed his brother tiger mask and
badly hurt him with a screwdriver and
the nail trap he threatens to kill felix
but felix offers to pay him more from
the money he is set to receive from his
inheritance to calm him down felix had
planned this massacre to be the sole
benefactor of the inheritance from his
father erin overhearing their
conversation behind the curtains blows
her hiding spot when her cell phone
suddenly beeps to indicate that her text
to 9-1-1 has gone through the fox mask
approaches the curtain as aaron
nervously stands just as he removes the
curtains aaron hits him on his throat
and runs outside as he collapses on the
ground coughing aaron jumps outside from
the porch and enters the house through
the window while fox mask felix and zee
look for her outside a wounded lamb mask
follows the three outside slowly outside
he hears a noise coming from the window
he sticks his head inside the window to
inspect and aaron stabs him with a
screwdriver and kills him realizing she
cannot outrun foxmask with a wounded leg
aaron quickly sets up an elaborate trap
at the front door where an axe would
fall and kill anyone who opens the door
she waits for him to fall into the trap
but the fox mask whose name is revealed
to be tom enters through the window erin
then quickly runs into the basement and
turns off all the lights she sets a
camera on the table which takes pictures
continuously the camera's flash blinds
tom and taking advantage of it aaron
appears and cracks his skull with a log
killing him fyi the majority of the film
was shot with handheld cameras to
increase tension
z enters the home with the bow arrow
while felix goes to his car he turns off
the cell phone jammer and takes out a
knife from his car
aaron easily subdues z in the kitchen as
she beats and chokes c felix arrives and
stabs her in the shoulder with his knife
enraged aaron smashes a blender on
felix's head after he collapses on the
ground she slams the blender's blades on
his head she connects the blender to the
electric switch brutally shredding the
top of his head
zee attempts to get up but aaron quickly
pulls out felix's knife from her
shoulder and stabs c's head killing her
although in the movie they're attacking
each other charlie vincent aaron and
wendy glenn z were actually roommates
and best friends before and during
filming after taking out all the killers
erin collapses on the ground and
breathes a sigh of relief just as she
begins to collect herself felix's phone
begins to ring aaron answers his phone
without speaking believing he is talking
to felix crispian reveals his
involvement in the scheme he apologizes
to felix for not helping him kill their
family members explaining that he is a
pacifist yeah nothing screams pacifists
like slaughtering your parents and
siblings for inheritance crispian enters
the house through the window looking for
felix when he is stunned to see aaron
standing behind him alive with a knife
aaron expresses disbelief and shock over
crispian's involvement in the massacre
that possibly could have killed her
crispin explains that she was never
supposed to be targeted she was only
meant to be a witness to the massacre
yeah right a witness with just an axe
through her head although felix and zee
end up getting killed he expresses
happiness over the fact that he will now
be the sole benefactor of his father's
inheritance he tells her that with the
inheritance she can pay her student
loans and quit her bartending job and
study full time disgusted by her
boyfriend's greed aaron kills him by
stabbing him in the neck and eye a
police officer watches it transpire
through the window and shoots aaron in
the shoulder after calling for backup he
attempts to enter the house aaron gets
up after a lot of struggle and tries to
warn the officer not to enter through
the main door but he unfortunately falls
victim to her front door trap the axe
falls hitting him in the head and the
movie cuts to a blood splattered you're
next
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries